all right cool
all right so hello everyone and welcome
to the first episode of League weekly
recoded featuring some familiar faces
from a previous show that is completely
unaffiliated yes this is an independent
project by the four of us and is not a
business or owned by any other entity I
just need to put that disclaimer out
there in the beginning let's go ahead
and start off by introducing all of my
wonderful friends here their friends no
longer employees so yeah
starting on with Kelsey Moser in
Shanghai housing other Kelsey not done
this will be fun because everyone will
be scape like so it will just be yeah
exactly
well I'll talk over each other it's
gonna be really cool uh and what what
has been going on in Shanghai for the
past week what do you have an
interesting week I have it in sa week
yeah an interesting week as well I think
I had a similar week to you just in the
middle of the night yes yes yes roll out
of bed find out your site's dead and go
back to sleep
actually I don't know what yeah what did
say after you found out because
everybody else like hung out and way I
got lunch and stuff but I felt really
bad because he were just like isolated
in Shanghai I think I was reading Lee
Lal wiki or something like that I know
that's what you did you just go visit
read some Seth is back and worried about
the game okay good yeah don't worry all
right so let's move on to Emily Rance
how's it going Emily yeah I'm good
anyway but they can be I'm in Los
Angeles
yes yeah how's Los Angeles go for you uh
well I was sad because I couldn't
community work this morning and that was
like a nice routine for me yeah you what
a nice routine commuting in LA traffic
to work I ride my bike so she's as good
exercise you know ok so everyone's just
trying to kill you or
yes okay no a lie every time I rode to
work I felt like there is different
glass on the ground from a different
accident that's good so you know it a
really brief under when you looked at
you like just shattered rear view
mirrors everywhere with that lovely
routine i marinate it I imagine it's
probably like if you're like me this
morning I kind of rolled out of bed or I
sat on my phone rolled on my out of bed
like eventually decided to take a shower
it's it's actually pretty good to get up
and go do something and I'm sure trying
to avoid death was a pretty good way to
get alert every morning and start the
base yeah well I prefer coffee yeah and
yeah yeah drinking coffee right now we
have Mark Zimmerman how's it going mark
pretty good yeah uh I mean obviously
Yahoo eSports dying was sad I think we
wouldn't pay you know making the most of
this opportunity if we didn't celebrate
the fact that we no longer have to
appeal to corporate interests and now we
can all collectively yell fuck at the
top of our lungs together we like to
join me in the first F bomb that is ugly
green tea yes first initial thousand
quotes now a wide here we go 151 right
there's no producer in my ear yeah you
can totally left Emily right yeah
are you see I'm going that's the other
one I got it yeah where am i we are no
longer being censored by Yahoo we are
apparently not being censored by Twitter
so I guess just instances where we can
use the word fuck are dwindling oh is
that true yeah yeah they howling a
filter now on Twitter oh really oh oh
yeah no there's no global setting I
don't think to turn off like it's like
offensive language so if you say like
fuck or bitch or something like it just
as
it just shows like there's like a box
underneath normal replies where it's
like show offensive by them well okay
well that's it alright so anyway before
we get into the topics I'm just kind of
because I think a lot of people are
going to ask what all of us are doing
next and I have a video up on my YouTube
channel sort of explaining all that so I
won't I won't get too far into it but
I'm sort of figuring out what is next
for me after Yahoo eSports and in the
short time I'm going to be LCS doing
stuff and we're going to keep trying to
do League weekly recoated which is a
different show for what we were doing
previously as you can tell but also yeah
Kelsey what do you have any thoughts on
what's going on or House has less you
know five or six days but for you so
I'll be doing some stuff I'm going to
Berlin so that's fun right it's not
really good okay okay hopefully
something comes along for you Emily um
today is the first day that I really
like have been sitting down and looking
at stuff so I don't really know like I
think the weirdest thing for like to go
and like kind of a because I haven't
done this anywhere right like I haven't
really said a lot on sugar or anything
um everyone keeps saying like oh you'll
be fine you'll be fine and I'm like well
yeah but like that's not the point so I
guess this week I kind of this weekend I
kind of took the opportunity to be like
ah like just kind of be sad about the
fact that I had a really great child and
I didn't get drunk I'm sorry well then
you probably weren't that sad I think I
don't know there are we related it wrong
and yeah you're doing it wrong yeah this
is your method but it's wrong you get
really drunk
um but yeah so I mean Yahoo Sports is
really special to me I don't think I'm
going to find a full-time position like
that right now
so it's looking like a bunch of
freelance stuff but I don't know if you
like my work let me know and I can you
know I'd like to get paid for it I guess
if you like sure that is sewing myself
was like hey I can write stuff yeah fun
and then mark is just going to keep
doing all the other stuff he was doing
yeah I'd say out of everyone here is
probably like the least directly
affected by it so obviously it sucks
losing you know some income and some
work but it's definitely not like I need
to figure out the fuck I'm doing next
it's kind of just like well I mean I
already I started doing other stuff with
the time oh yeah yeah I I said we can
picture any of the goodbye messaging or
didn't have a chance we pretty much shot
all that stuff in front yeah yeah small
oversight I do you appreciate all the
time didn't reach out to be like hey you
want to swing in on Friday yeah and oh
wait no way to make that one work I got
you okay develop focus does emotional
and stressful time let's get into the
show so the first topic is marks and it
is do you believe in steel GI Mt dig
notably that these are the only teams in
na LCS that are 5 and 1 I believe right
right and for the most part you can kind
of throw CLG out of this discussion I
just included them in there because
they're five and one but I think most
people are kind of the opinion that yeah
they're pretty legitimate so I think if
we want ask loss over CLG let's not
something they want to say sure but the
bigger question is do you believe in a
mortal thinking the toss because based
off what we sell last flip these guys
are the six seven place team there were
some changes on both these rosters but
not enough to make you think that
there's suddenly two of the best teams
in the league most likely and immortals
does have good wins over c9 and TSM so
you can't really blame the strength of
schedule Dignitas beat TSM as well I
think I remember so they also have a
decent win that I think they're hard
week is next week when they play
immortals in c9 or CLG or something so
it's still like a little out in the air
but I wanted to know what you guys think
and if you are actually like ready to
buy in on immortal Cigna toss hype
immortal is really weird to me I don't I
feel badly saying about this like don't
really buy into the Dignitas pipe just
because even though they have looked
better I still think they're overly
reliant on one way of winning which is
pretty much someday kind of hard
carrying them until they show me
something different I think I'll always
have that feeling about them because I
remember I have that feeling about them
and play off to you and everyone in the
spring and everyone was like Emily what
are you talking about they look so much
better and it's like what they still
really only have one way to win and then
they got stumps are kind of stumped in
in their quarterfinal series so um hey
that's what makes me I guess nervous
isn't the right word but like that's
what makes me not buy into Dignitas on
the whole I think that everyone kind of
looked pretty rough in week one even CLG
like that I keep going back to that c9
CLG serious but man that was bad
um and it's so like I think dignitas is
when there is a little like not to take
away what they beat Envy and fly quests
so then so TSM when in week two is
really what you're what you're looking
at and that same week they went one to
two liquids so um I think CLG is the
team that I have the most confidence in
right now in the words of Star doc who I
talked to this past weekend and it's
going to be in an article so I'm saying
it but he's basically just like we're
playing like hot fire garbage right now
and still winning so once we actually
start like improving beyond this we're
going to be really good and so I really
like their attitude and I think they
have I hate to use the P word that a lot
of potential
to be a good team I know right like I
hate it I hate it I can't think of
another synonym to use um predict real
quick before we move on to far from them
do you think like the addition of shrimp
makes a big difference because they did
swap out shrimp and big from last season
I really like shrimp
actually um but I mean with you yeah
like I think it gives me a little bit
more hope that we'll be able to do a few
different things because obviously
shrimp is lot different style junglers
and chasers uh and I don't think for
whatever is a chaser was really working
out unfortunately um so I mean I'm like
I'm not as weird as it sounds I'm not as
down on them as I was last split its
kind of just a let's wait and see how
the rest of the team shake out and how
they end up stacking up because I think
they've had some pretty good games and
then some pretty rough games yes I feel
like the big elephant in the room is
it's just but you don't want to call any
team actually good and so you decide
that TSM is just going to be bad you
know so which pretty much no one is
going to decide so you're in a holding
pattern waiting for TSM and that's kind
of where we are I feel pretty good about
things sealed she's good just because
like darshan is hulking out really hard
who he's good I select their cooks a lot
like I feel like good they feel G I'm
pretty confident that they're going to
be like top three into the split but
digging immortals I'm still like really
iffy on just cuz like go ahead just
because we didn't touch on a mortal zip
but they're like when po belts are said
in his interview where he was like oh
yeah if I don't want to say we got lucky
weak one but it feels like a lot of
stuff is just going right and then you
see like all their early ganks working
out it kind of does like an even
explicitly said that worries like all of
our early players just work and like at
some point someone might figure out like
Smithy's route or they'll just play
extra defensive for the first like
and it's or something yeah right
smithee's I think smithy is good about
having like really good reactionary
routes if that makes sense
so like he's very good at reacting to
situations and he'll do like the correct
route where even if you figure out his
route they have to like kind of change
the way but you either have to make a
sub optimal play to mess him up or you
just trade sides I think typically is
what what is generally what happens when
you play too strong side things like
this as a jungler and I think he's good
at doing that so for me that's less my
concern as much as just like I mean some
of these weird situations that they get
in where you have to set up for Baron
and then that doesn't go well when why
is this game like why are they suddenly
losing the game after what happened
early and things like this yeah I am
it's interesting to me I was
interviewing 6a this weekend and I asked
him what he thought of immortals and he
also said that he thought that they were
just getting lucky so that interviewed
finally I'll be up on my channel
probably tomorrow but it was interesting
to hear that why I just had to carry
mark why don't we like we're talking
about these three and I feel like sort
of to Kelty's point a lot of the
conversation is also like how's TSM
doing and how does he SM reflect on
these guys I mean what what how do you
feel about TSM right now in relation to
these three
I feel like TSM is in a little bit of
like they're they want to branch out but
they also want to win and so what you
saw them do this weekend was it just
played like the most boring fucking
comps that you can ever imagine
but they're good at those comps and then
they went for oh and like the
competition wasn't super good this week
obviously TL and NV or not you know
world beaters but at the same time I
think that they could pick those against
CLG against c9 they'll play good in a
no-go late-game and they'll be better
than most teams so like when they're
playing their Gallio mid and bjergsen
can't actually like bully his lane
opponent and then like actually you know
just hit a massive ultimate to win the
game kind of
situation then I think they look a lot
worse so I think the reason people still
lump TSM in is kind of like the standard
for na is they've made every finals
there's nothing to say that disability
even though they're struggling a little
bit they won't recover because they
always do so it's kind of like well
until a team kind of definitively shits
on TSM which didn't happen at all like
that the dig loss and the field did oh
my god who else do they lose to dig in
marble immortals yeah those those two
losses were boast like man TSM like got
caught out with a bear and like what the
hell and you could tell that they
weren't playing super well yeah okay so
what's the verdict on
okay so seems like we believe in CLG I
do I didn't hear though that they did I
think I said I did yeah okay Kelsie I I
mean the problem is is that I don't know
if I really believe in any na teams okay
what else well of it but whether the
content covers are really just figuring
stuff out
so like it's really hard but I think
that like with clg's track record and
sort of pieces that they have in place
and their ability to kind of get things
together they're probably the safest bet
of the three that we mentioned for sure
um I think I think dig will probably
drop a bit and what do you think about
because we don't know anything about
this stuff really like like nothing
definitively about the stuff we don't
have a track record for then we know
that immortals as an organization even
when they've been strong have really
really struggled when they have to kind
of force their players to play something
but they're not comfortable with or
things like this or struggle with
adaptation so that's always a big
question mark because you know right
we'll always have something at the last
minute even though they say they won't
and so I think that that's like there's
always that factor with the mortals
so I guess for me field probably the
strongest candidate of the three for
sure yes all right
so let's move on to another market topic
which is why 582 in a row yeah why so
many na subs so this topic was brought
about when we were storming at riot and
we realized that just three weeks into
the season 50% of teams have used a sub
in some capacity some of them feel more
like benching I think with the you know
an ory situation and even probably the
chaser situation and some do you feel
more like legitimate substitutions where
you're giving someone experience or
you're trying out a different look more
kind of like the style that happened
with Greg and Acadian for whatever
reason and I was surprised to hear that
50% of teams have done it given that
it's so early in the season just week
three and some people are speculating
that people are starting to sign a lot
more people to their roster like dig
also got all tech and Adrian despite not
using them this weekend and people are
saying oh they're starting to assign
people for the eventual case to be made
for them making into the franchise
system it's like look we already have
ten players already make our Academy
team blah blah blah some people think
that they are trying to run more 10-man
rosters or seven-man rosters TSM also
sign mister all's like everyone signing
subs right now and I was wondering if
people actually think it's because
they're starting to see value in 10-man
rosters or whatever with substitutions
or if it's more about making a case for
your bid into the franchise system maybe
it's a little bit of both right because
like I'm shares I'm sure it's like a
little bit of both but what I mean I
think well I think you can't just say
it's for the the Academy team situation
because you know like people is to your
point like 50 percent of teams have used
them already and it sounds like other
teams might be considering using them
and the future for some that haven't so
it does seem like they're actually
getting used like I feel like LCS is
very trendy where one owner has an idea
and then I talk to all the other owners
and all of a sudden Slyke yeah we're all
going to get offices and none of it
for the office space with yeah yeah
we're all going to get offices no one's
going to have team houses and then BAM
everyone has team houses and then before
this split I heard rumors that all the
teams team owner should come together
and lead all committed to not practicing
on Mondays no scripts on Mondays and by
the way if you broke the rule no one
would scrim you and guess who is now
doing scripts on Mondays several
different teams so I I think it's just a
situation like I feel like people come
up with the idea of like let's have
multiple rosters a terrible multiple
players on a team and to some extent
like this one did kind of right right
this last split to success right so it
is a little bit of a proven model in
North America a bit a bit I feel like
the success thing is like kind of in
quotation marks it's like our jungler is
not working and meteos doesn't give a
shit but we're kind of winning with him
and we can't find a support that we like
so we're swapping them out and like you
getting it's like a lot of situations
like that versus like man we think we
have two really good players and we're
both going to give them playing time if
feels like it's usually done out of a
like a at least the substitution part
it's done out of like being dissatisfied
like shrimp wouldn't have probably
gotten playing time over chaser chaser
was killing it but he obviously like
Emily said doesn't work with that team
for whatever reason yeah I mean I think
everybody always ends up there it's like
the quad nine situation everybody
remember when they had two supports and
then they settled on one so I feel like
you know the people that do this it
might be valuable to do it but I've been
to by like week seven week eight week
nine and probably the playoffs people
are doing too much stuffing yeah I was
going to say a thing you have to look at
it on a team by team basis to like
Dignitas like chaser hadn't I mean you
can make you can actually nice argument
chaser hadn't been working out like last
split either he made a lot of poor
decisions especially come like late
early game mid game and that sometimes
cost will lead so like it makes sense
for them to try out another
jungler this early in the split I'm not
sure what happened with I don't know why
echo fox made their substitution but
like again like phoenix one their
substitution is because they i mean it's
a continuation of something that was
going on last split and if you're
looking at it instead of like obviously
there's a break but if you're looking at
it as an entire season now is the time
to try those out um if you are if you
are failing basically and like phoenix
one has an Owen six record it's
definitely not where they want to be um
and subbing in Mike Young and annex
special this past weekend I actually
despite the losses do you think they
lost a little bit more cohesive
obviously the Jerusalem on that because
there was only one series with both of
them and you know we don't know like
Mike Young is the rookie are people how
quickly are people going to figure him
out like that kind of stuff so but I
think like now is the time it's still
like third week um and I feel like if
you're if you're a team like Phoenix one
who already with winless like what do
you have to lose I guess because it's
not like and we talked about this on
previous shows it's not like what they
were trying before with even with
swapping medias back in with working out
at all so there are a bunch of really
obvious reasons why you might get subs
that aren't being brought up cuz we're
all assuming logic and you know finesse
and everything else but the I mean like
me right now right so you can do things
like oh there's this cool player coming
up and the we don't want other teams to
sign him right just in case like it gets
really good or we don't we know our
roster has a problem but we can't really
figure out exactly what the problem is
so let's sign a bunch of players and try
it
out um you also have other options like
I mean SKT the best team in the world
and SKT does a rotating roster so
obviously like it's something that we
can try and this is another thing that
that people do and then finally I think
like the big one that makes the most
sense to me isn't even like an illogical
setting it's just seasons really wrong I
mean you want to get some players a
chance to relax if you have the ability
to sign extra players and maybe try them
out and maybe they're good and maybe you
save them for later then it's okay like
to just put them in for a couple weeks
and have this other player like take it
easy for a bit so they don't get burnt
out because we're all trying to come up
with ways to combat the burnout think so
is that why so many subs marks uh I
think it's more I think what Kelsey said
about people don't know necessarily
what's exactly wrong with their roster
or they're not huntersam satisfied with
it and they were just like kind of
picking up backups because why not in
case like shit does hit the fan and they
can start moving them around and I know
a couple of already been used as
disciplinary reasons like I don't want
to get into which teams did that but a
couple teams good discipline yeah oh you
have attitude problems you're getting
the bench in other speculating
marshes Delta Fox plan on using subs
anytime soon yeah we're getting Yoona
for next for this week oh really
yeah he's already technically a sub on
the roster so you know cutie pies and
I'm working out here's a big attitude
problem so this is what would you say
this is a disciplinary issue yeah
absolutely
is this like when he did the online
tournaments with dig back in the day and
if he felt like the the competition
wasn't good he disconnected be like lull
call me when you went when we win stuff
like that like that because in in the
tournament realm gets bored laning phase
like me I'm just csing here
Cary's don't see much in competitive
right now all right let's move on to the
next topic how long does it take a
player to get good I believe yes Emily
right it is okay so this kind of ties
into a substitution thing but I recently
I don't know how much you guys have been
following Korea but this is actually a
thing that's been happening since last
foot where blank has kind of become this
weird legendary savior of SKT in the
same vein as bengi did previously now
blink was I think something a lot of
people forget about blank was I believe
his first competitive experience and
Kelsey can correct me if I'm wrong but
he substituted in for in sec when in sec
jumped off the balcony and broke his leg
and it was we go this way not to us this
is not suicidal
yeah it was like it sort of just like
because it was no I should find the
stairs legitimately they couldn't find
that yes I thought this was so no I need
to jump on Wade was no this is it this
is come on this wasn't 2005 so says that
i vista that is just like classic pro
player how do you me it was all over
this up right it was maybe I did manage
I kind of that because he really messed
up his way yeah like it was actually
really suitable in festa and something
else was like at an all-time low and
this is the this is this kid's first
shot and then when fkq signed him they
came forward and they were like yeah you
know like blank has some confidence
issues that we've been trying to work on
and because he was on SKT he you know
bang he was struggling they flop him in
blank struggles he has very visible
mechanical errors again like those are
the easiest errors to pick up on so
people immediately jump on him and
they're like the fact sucks
bring back bangy this look kind of like
all came to a head at MSI and blank kind
of persevered and the so
and throughout summer people were still
like bring and bengi bringing bengi the
same thing happened at Worlds where
people were just like blink sauce I
don't know whether you know I don't know
why they're even bothering with him this
is not just the Western perspective by
the way like he got tons of hate in
Korea as well and so finally this year
Blanc is doing fantastic he is
undefeated
people are like Blanc is you know like
when peanut starts having trouble we
just bring in Blanc and he automatically
wins the game and so my point is to tie
in something that I know a firm you said
and obviously they ended up changing
their roster for the split by one person
but like he made the point that so few
teams actually either have the
wherewithal to give players a chance to
become better and improve over seasons
because they're too worried about either
winning immediately or winning you know
to get to world I'm like I just wanted
to discuss how long does it take a
player to actually get comfortable with
his own play style or his team and s
like SKT is one of the few teams that I
feel like will actually take a chance on
a player and try to end like allow them
to be bad or allow them to struggle a
little bit um obviously they're the best
team in the world so they have that
luxury but I guess I just wanted to talk
about that a bit and how I guess how
quickly do you think teams should swap
struggling players out I mean once you
find out you should have tell golden
blue
I think it's magnitude or at our team
liquid yeah for blanks specifically how
many seasons has he been Pro then it's
like two and a half right or somewhat a
three and Anthony no yeah he played for
there I want to be able team again um
for court that entire year I think right
in yeah for most of the year yeah um so
I would say I think SKT is like a little
bit
of an exception to like a rule like
Blanc or whoever on SKT is probably not
like the guy you want look him dead yeah
that's probably the standard because
working with faker and coma and like
that's one of the things when you work
with a great player you just like learn
from them they'll tell you stuff like oh
shit okay I guess that is true there's I
mean the other copy that was blank is
that he was good nella Ciel actually and
I thought he was pretty decent and
appeal as well like you could see and
even on SKT I was like the biggest blank
apologist last year because I said hey
guy his judgment wasn't necessarily
always that good but you could see like
he had Tom anything he had games or
actually he performed really really well
so I I just I don't I think it was kind
of always obvious that like could be
good it's just like whereas some players
I feel like you never kind of feel that
so that's also a fine line as well for
me the bigger surprise is like fire
lolly bang the fire the guy who can't
jump all this is like I have the weird
again now yeah okay can now he's
actually like he studied jungle pathing
and I took him like or basically like no
this was like forever this guy was
terrible he was just I don't understand
like he was started for the team and he
was a sub for the team in 2014 and he
never played he was originally going to
be the ad carry
but they got Nami anyway 2015 he plays a
couple of games he his first game he
dies to red buff it's always the classic
this jungle is terrible move and then
she just like continuously I watched
this guy over the years last year he
would every time he played he warden the
exact same spot EDG we're going to go
for I think until the vacation before
they played clear love but they couldn't
make it that far
because he just ended every single game
and it was just like so terrible and
then this year I think like at the end
of the spring he was better than clear
love he was the guy they brought in
clear love was ending
this third place match so I mean it's
it's like there's I think it's a lot of
it is attitude right like if the players
attitude is good and the team
environment is if the team is like
supportive of it because I also think
this is a problem too as if you're
constantly playing with the same player
and the teammates start to feel like
okay this guy is keeping us back and we
don't want to wait for him to catch up
anymore I think that that's like a
really big issue as well but I think if
the environment is good the team is
understanding all this stuff and I think
that there's a players can go a really
long way that makes sense yeah how I was
smeb a pro four before he was like
really good at the end of 2015 I use a
pro for a long time right yes now
there's another one that people bring up
a lot he started for incredible miracle
in March 2013
so like Jesus a year and a half to two
years depending on like how because back
then it was the tournament structure so
it was a little different and he did get
less playing time just because I mean as
we spoke about on previous episodes
there's a lot fewer games in tournament
structure so you get like less
opportunities are few opportunities
rather so what I'd say most likely it's
probably like a year to a year and a
half of like really getting
opportunities to like you know start
seeing if a player is going to be good
if you play and there's obviously some
counter examples but a lot of guys start
hitting their peak after like a year of
play because they've been exposed to
enough like situations and understand
the team game in the environment and
like you can't play some situations
certain ways like I think that's about
when most players are starting to like
prove that they're going to be good
you're going to have to to so they might
suck their first split and then they'll
figure it out a little bit from there
assuming like the coaching staff is
working with them and stuff and there's
like there's a fair amount of examples
like valley cross and na like his first
split not super great second split in
tension-free pas de corps JJ well he was
our JJ's was a really weird example yeah
it's and that's like that's one that I
would I might point to not that way I'm
not going to say race had attitude
issues but I think that was also a
chemistry thing because of his position
so like I think a lot of it was that the
meta shifted to the point where some of
core JJ's like things that were
previously quirky core JJ pics like the
Zyra he was actually the one practicing
MF support in solo cube for gorilla
played it at the World Championship on
the meta shifted so that some of these
ranged mage supports he was really good
at and then also I think he does have a
better relationship risk ruler or like
not maybe not a better like friendship
or whatever but just for whatever reason
I think part of it was that they just
work together better in game so there
were issues with the Dignitas
environment too dang I I think I could
swapping regions there's a lot of
weirdness that comes along with that as
well so either weird example just
because like if you take a player and
you put them in Korea or na or wherever
like they're native to for a year and a
half and you they look the same and that
they're not improving and assume that
environment isn't bad and like maybe you
start saying I don't think this guy's
going to work out but core JJ was like
in na for a little while and then II
went back as support and it's a
different thing than just oh yeah he
just didn't pan out or he did pan out
yeah I also will say I think like so a
lot of our our most of our examples are
from China and like Korea I do think on
the whole like not just SKT
because again like I said obviously they
have the luxury of kind of doing
whatever they want with her roster so
for the most part as long as I keep
faker but um I think that a Korean team
and
Chinese teams tend to stick with players
a little bit longer whereas Western
teams for whatever reason don't like can
you guys think of other examples I know
you brought up costs but like other like
prominent examples from Europe or North
America I mean any good China there's a
lot of cultural loyalty aspects like
players don't leave or some stuff like
that I think Europe I mean you could
even go to perks right because perks had
a really bad summer lastly he had some
visible issues in spring and he had
difficulty I think like adapting to type
play he had a lot of mentality issues
and then like he didn't do well on the
international stage but I know it's like
he was a guy kinda nice you could say
had potential that like when you watched
him play kind of like that Blanc
situation we're like you new perks could
be good you had like clear strengths
right or would you say you didn't think
it was going to work out no III think he
had clear strengths I mean another
example in the player who I think has
clear strengths kind of but it was
really bad lool X I think we like Scott
a lot better this year I guess we'll see
if he makes it on an LCS stage you know
but another LCS age because we really
only have seen him in the g2 series in
terms of LCS but he was pretty bad and I
think for him that was like a mentality
change and so there are a lot of there
are some examples out there I think the
problem is is that if you have a
situation like satorious in Hiva debuted
on Origin and even though they had like
some talent and promise when they were
playing in calendar series their first
LCS team was origin and it was awful so
like are we ever going to get an
opportunity again is the question
because Hiva like the best that he could
only find an assistant coach position on
misfits like you couldn't even find a
playing spot so and to throw a couple
more
samples out there like sticks a kind of
what's on like the Academy team for a
while and then once he kind of moved up
to the big leagues first split was
probably gaining confidence Whovian he
look what who he yeah but he was a weird
example to yeah because he came from I
mean so did Kors AJ but like he came
from big file miracle and then he was on
fusion and then Shelby yeah well
pole-vaulter was in the mid lane yeah so
I would say like interests in terms like
keeping it without all the crazy
attention I was gonna say Cody I think
Laurel is a really interesting example
because his first split looked really
bad his second split looked alright and
now we're in the year of lower low and
now we're in the year lower low baby but
okay you ever forget do you ever regret
coming up a bit I I mean no I mean you
know and I come up with I got help you
blasted oh man I was so just to finish
my point about Laurel Oh real quick he
and what should be one of his most
important developmental splits in years
is just on a train wreck of a team then
tiel's players are probably all going to
leave TL and look ten times better
nothing J enta yeah it's like Laura is
gonna join some team and they didn't
look fine Rayna was gonna go join some
team he's gonna look fine blue maybe not
so much uh piglet and Matt are a little
bit weird just because like they kind of
feel like they might have peaked and we
haven't seen piglet anywhere but to yell
for a really really long time but
Madison like a super confidence driven
player if he finds up on a team where
they're performing well and he has
confidence like you'll look really
really good again and it's just like a
situation right now with the team's a
dumpster fire believer cause and point
out who brought up Team Liquid of the
show after going on a rant about how he
didn't want to talk about to lately I'm
not talking about Team Liquid I'm
talking about their players I love
element showing the Travis and yeah that
was a totally different show the request
was let's stop talking about team liquid
other oh I didn't talk I talked about
Laura that was the differential element
different show all right
all right so anyway we always kind of
gone off off topic so what are we
looking at here so it takes about a year
or so before you start something up we
get like a player that has actually
developed themself I would say like the
second year is when you really see like
if they're going to pan out it's okay to
have like a scrubby first year I think
okay okay so let's move on to and I love
this topic because it was I think
Kelsey's will Europe's upset week
rejuvenate interest finally Kelsey going
out here dogging on Europe I hadn't I
don't know am I am i hating on Europe I
mean I need to Europe all the time yeah
where the Poynting there's no interest
you're like I mean I think there's
there's interest in Europe it's just
pocketed in foreign language broadcasts
but I someone did go through the the
work and they looked at all the foreign
language broadcasts and even though a
lot of the foreign language broadcasts I
have developed really well over the time
and that has drawn viewership away from
the English streams and things like this
like even aggregating all of that there
was a drop in EU LCS interest law split
and a lot of people were saying it was
because of the predictability because
for most of the split like I think there
was a total of like no upsets until
Rockette decided that they wanted to win
at the end of the split randomly and
made their undefeated run in the last
half and but I think that so the
question I guess is that okay this past
week we had chemo kept beating fnatic we
had spliced beating unicorns of love we
had misfits beating g2 all these things
that weren't supposed to happen is this
like actually something that is going to
make the region more exciting because we
talked about parity all the time and
whether or not it's competitive and but
I wanted to ask like does this actually
make the matches more interesting
because I watch a lot of these matches
and I just get like kind of depressed
because fnatic I mean the third game
between Rockets and I guys like this
team is actually just bad this fnatic
team
like it's it's kind of sad and I feel
like almost Europe is in a holding
pattern kind of like na because we
talked about waiting for TSM feel like
we're waiting for g2 now in Europe and
it's like the same situation that means
you like this assumes that the
viewership I mean to your point is that
the viewership drop is because of right
thing on and I'm asking you not a valid
assumption I don't know it's hard like
one of the things that not to go too far
off base here but like we always miss
player numbers whenever we're talking
about this stuff like how many people
are playing legal in Europe because I do
think it's fair to say that at least in
some part of viewership of LCS is driven
by interest in legal edges in general
and so I mean more like a parent a
singer yeah I know I know right but what
if what if across both like if in North
America and Europe we're seeing and I
don't know I'm just pulling this out of
my butt but like 15 percent 20 percent
drops in the player base or even like 10
percent you could imagine seeing a 10 15
or 20% drop in viewership yeah but your
brew it grew less every region every
region grew and player base except na oh
[Laughter]
good old na so I'm not even sure the
drop in there's a plus but I guess I was
due to the fact that it was predictable
because I think there are a lot of
factors that people don't bring up like
Europe had the most rookie players last
split of any region most rookie debut
players and you tune into na because you
already want to see the story of double
lists you want to see the story of jerks
in and you want to see those types of
stories whereas like Europe you have to
start building up some of these stories
again for these new players and of like
okay I think that's the read-back Iowa
the road back it's not about viewership
I just throw that out era thought I mean
is about your chipset about player base
I was just you know I was just testing
you guys to see if you guys
it's actually about storyline so like
stuff like origin just bustering out
like how many like origin was a huge
popular team like that's not good
whenever that whole thing goes down it's
like he's just not as interesting I
think well I was okay so some music on
that I guess I wanted to ask I want to
ask oscillation so how much of this do
you think and like I hate to bring this
up but I somewhat experient like it was
kind of my first experience with it
being so close to it because I have
never been to EU LCS but I did get to
interview g2 a lot at MSI and how much
of it do you think because in their own
words and in the words of European fans
g2 until recently when they went to the
finals at the midseason Invitational
have not been a popular team in Europe
on how much is that do you think has to
do with because like you'd say the most
popular teams are what fnatic uol hgk
probably and then so like how much of it
do you think has to do with and like I
hate for this to be the reason but like
how much of it do you think has to do
the fact that g2 had this stranglehold
on Europe basically similar to how TSM
seemed to have a stranglehold on North
America or at least like you know finish
second in terms of last spring but I'm
like how how much of that do you think
affect viewership if like the most
popular team isn't the one winning yeah
I imagine if Dignitas had a stranglehold
on North America it's just like man no
way oh wow I want to be in exact and II
love that I mean I think that that in it
of itself kind of draws Europe because
you want to see G to lose like there
were a lot of people who just like
actively wanted to see G to lose and it
was like super exciting when fnatic went
1-2 against them more when raka ended up
going to one like people
I asked a bunch of people like how are
you happy because like it's really cool
to have more competitive teams or are
you happy because GG lost like and some
people were just legitimately happy
because g2 lost which I mean I'm due to
played it up last split last year really
well when they did like the villain
storyline and all the bad-boy stuff that
they were doing make I feel like there
was just it that part wasn't played up
very well at all this spring either
because g2 were kind of tired of just
getting a lot of fan hate for basically
everything I think so they became much
more reserved in their marketing and I
mean that was a little bit sad for me so
I think a lot of it was just like people
like me and people like the broadcast
and everyone else just like not telling
those stories very well to an extent so
I think that there's some element of
that but another thing
oh don't work well I got 9 can go at the
end my mind's a total topic change too
or like not family yes - you Emily first
hire it's just an anecdote about so like
I have a few close friends that aren't
super into we like watching it weekly
but I'll talk to them about League of
Legends because females all I do and
like so I went on vacation and I visited
some of my friends and I was talking to
them about it and I was talking about g2
and one of my friends immediately was
just like and he's been off on and off
watching League since like season 3 ish
when Delphia started and he's like oh
well York's really boring so like I
never watched them and I'm like what are
you saying and he's like no no like
their play style isn't really boring
like they just Lane and then someone
fights and someone wins and it takes 60
minutes and like I tried to dispel this
myth but I'm also wondering how much of
it is this weird like pervasive
narrative and I don't even know where it
came from but like it came from big meta
it's gotten from LG
I was going to say starting words and
degrees where people were living barrel
things better let their body played
dragon season four when they had the
zigs like zigs was meta like I remember
I stopped watching the European for
analysis because the games just took too
fucking long and like everyone just
played waveclear mids and stalled out
and they did like turret traits and then
they just cleaned sideways and mid lane
over and over until like like you said
there's a teamfight it did happen for a
little bit we're like I'm pretty sure it
was like summer season four was when I
was like I can't watch this region I
really enjoyed making a lot of people
thought SKT sq like this lifestyle and
everyone's like ah like it's an FPS game
I'm going to just find out what happens
later hey did you kind of played like
that as well but it was um I think it
was just really pervasive like Europe
was really has always been a big fan of
laning plain King at Lane Kingdom right
we're gonna we're going to do well the
laning phase we're going to get this
advantage like you always here forgiving
talked about his laning theory and like
that which again he coined the term Lane
Kingdom initially um and just like you
have to get you have to take
responsibility for yourself to get these
leads in Lane and then makes a necessary
play once you have the lead you know and
things like this so I think for them it
was just like a transition from
understanding that how to get from
laning phase and from siloing yourself
because a lot of you so look you like
solo queue if you watch solo queue in
different regions it's actually super
interesting because they all have their
own solo queue metas and I think
Europe's is very siloed and laning phase
focused so I think it was a big part of
Europe's meta developing was going from
was learning how to play a more team
oriented game from the solo key routes
and like transferring their solo queue
meta into something that was more
interesting in a competitive way so I
think that that's that's probably a part
of where it comes from
alright let's go
wait what last thing because we didn't
touch on it it's like actually super
important is that like this spraying
both EU and na changed their formats and
I would say largely they had both been
failures in terms of like increasing
viewership interests per viewer interest
I know James are formal with the
best-of-three or that in summer summer
summer yes you did see thank you it is
the best of threes they got hit yeah you
just went to bus three they got hit well
they did the group's thing and that hurt
them because then you're just separating
like your top two your matchups and you
forcing more like lopsided ones anyways
those those largely failed for the most
part and it sucks I like that best of
once I don't just match saturation in
general like a second alone so I'll
finish this topic by answering the
question will Europe's upset week
rejuvenate interest no no it will not
all right so moving on I think MSI
competition might make people more
interested though like the g2 did well
MSI so I mean how's it have we seen
increasingly fast I I don't know I
haven't paid attention to the viewership
number I never paid too much like how do
what is crap and they don't even pay
attention okay about CS for men it was a
Kelsey Moser topic yeah it is
okay summarize okay honor strike yeah
yeah really you go to b-side Italy
Cruces to do anything buddy tees are
fucking broke in there yeah I just I
this is a little bit of a rant because
every time I go into like a post-match
thread for UCS or NACS or something it's
always just complaints about the way the
tournament or the league is run right
and because the UCS and NACS went
different ways often in the EU CS thread
you'll see them complain that it's not
best is free the way NACS is and then an
NACS thread so complained that the
matches are broadcast live like the EU
CS ones are so it's just like no one is
happy
about anything and it's just one of the
biggest things is just only hardcore
fans care that much about the the
Challenger Series and we already know
that next year at least in na and you
like definitely EU has said that there
will be changes it won't be franchising
it will be something else but likely
that will fundamentally also change the
way the Challenger Series is run so if
they're just completely going to
overhaul challenger series they don't
have a lot of reason to invest time and
energy and broadcast resources to
broadcast all with the NAC s games live
and if they went to you and they made it
best of three double round-robin they
also wouldn't have the resources to prod
cast all of the game's lives but at
least you get still get to watch them if
it's best of two and things like this so
like people are not taking all this into
a towel and then people are like we
should expand you show us to can change
or something to be like on a skill like
no that's a terribly happy because
there's like no incentive financially to
be an easy CS oh my gosh
alright well I'm glad you have it I'm
glad you have that random only because
we actually on a show have from the most
healers DST I know I not a coach just
with analysts but it helps yeah he's
he's happy to dispute that and disagree
with you because clearly if someone
infested with challenger series he is
very huge proponent of it yeah I love
challenger series and I think it should
always be formatted to be best for the
development of our incoming talent much
like Delta Lux I think for at least like
na fans like I understand why they're
like oh why aren't we broadcasting more
games even before like Delta Fox
happened I think people still would have
been up secta they're like wait I want
to see fly verse dandy more often or
whoever's playing in the Challenger
Series so I think people would have
complained when they came out with that
announcement
even if Delta Fox haven't been announced
but then I did see people already
complaining because it wasn't like the
all the games are broadcast previously
either
yeah well like you would have you would
have a lot of like and I'm not again
this is like - Kelsey point a very
focused fanbase that pay attention to
Challenger but still like a lot of those
people were like why why don't we see
all the games broadcasted and I mean
honestly like Challenger but I
understand why red are making these
decisions I just want to preface this
way yeah so like in na at least like we
did like the beste twos and we would
catch one whole beste - and then one
game from the other ones and like it's
mostly due to the fact that they wanted
to showcase everyone's games but they
didn't want to pull the necessary
broadcasting like time and talent to
actually cover 3 beste twos every week
so it was a compromise actually it was
alright in terms of like what you're
trying to do then when they move to the
best-of-three is it's like well now we
can't really do that system there's too
many games going on they also want to
double round-robin they made a bunch of
format changes that was more focused on
making sure that teams were as
competitive as they could be which comes
at the detriment of broadcast as we just
talked about in the actual LCS leagues
as well and it's just the kind of thing
where it wasn't hot like riot didn't
know that the whole Delta Fox thing was
going to happen so they couldn't even
prepare for the like the immense
backlash of like one of the most popular
teams ever getting created so like I
mean I just assumed it was intentional
because riot knew Delta Fox was going to
be bad and they didn't want to broadcast
games as fan favorites getting
slaughtered but they were yeah it was it
was just it was just kind of unfortunate
thing for na especially given the fact
that like you said we're going to go to
franchising and the challenge of scene
as we know will die soon so kind of
unfortunate timing yeah alright is that
that topic anybody else
alright speeding along hello what don't
know I was going to say is like if you
are really that frustrated about not
being able see games I guess like take a
step back and think about why that might
be and like how many resources it hey
Melissa that is not how this works
you've been doing it for so long and you
think
people take a step back and imagine like
business applications for things
no no outsource NACS ESL like like they
do with EU CS and then walk pick/ban at
the start of the first game and then
they'll just randomly cut the broadcast
for ten minutes
so it'll be back is like oh we haven't
you know and then we can have ESL
production threads amines are back yeah
everything is circular yeah it is it is
everything is circular I'm back at LCS
on my own with my own old youtube
channel
we've got people and EU a transcript for
eSports you got people on EU watching
ESL production it's just we all return
from whence we came via Skype shows and
they were going to be like thought I'd
escape the Skype shows but I'm back with
Lee weekly recoded anyway moving on for
those of you tuning in this is leaked
weekly recoated now independence kelsey
Emily mark joining me next topic is
adaptation of series featuring Africa
freaks and I'm not sure if this is about
Emily topics this is more okay because I
want to go in and rants about Africa and
like why I guess so there's this team
right and they go in and Game one
they're so good
like they do everything right they
perfect game their opponents it's
amazing and you're like this team is
going to be like super awesome and then
they end up losing the series and this
has happened twice now to freaka and
they've had other like series where they
stomp game on it's like basically the
reverse of the TSM meme where or the SKT
meme where everyone's like oh yeah they
just like do whatever in Game one and
then you know they win the next two
games anyway so it never really matters
they just kind of go into Game one as
like a test you know afreeca go into
Game one and they are prepared and they
do some really awesome stuff and then
they just lose it in Game two and three
and it's just super frustrating to watch
so I guess like if you haven't seen
and I guess even if you haven't seen a
freakiest games I want to like ask if
there's other teams that people have
seen doing that and like why do you
think that is is it and like they just
can't adapt the online game or they
don't have enough flexibility to do
different strategies or is it that like
initially I thought it was because okay
they face SKT and SK see usually do kind
of give up a lot in the first game -
sometimes like stuff out their opponents
of what they're doing but it's happened
with afreeca again so many other teams
including Katy who also used to kind of
go in and be good in Game one and then
just kind of fall apart um so I guess
how like I think adaptation matters a
lot in series and how do you rate a team
that can be perfect one moment and then
just doesn't adapt the man it's so
frustrating like they go in and they're
so good yeah like I'm the LG making you
watch an hour extra of League of Legends
this weekend because they just couldn't
close out Game two and then Game three
is closed and then against p1 they get
smashing into and go to Game three
thanks heels use another like example of
that but I don't think they have the
same exact problem it feels like CLG
just kind of like lets up off the gas a
little bit like they know they're the
better team after they prove it's so
dominantly in one game that they they
don't finish out strong and like the
only example of like them I think not
adapting well straight up with like
their TSM series we're like they won
Game one and until the TSM kind of did
that thing whether you pick that boring
TSM comp and it's like it's so boring
you don't want to ban any part of it
where it's like oh man let's ban - let's
ban thrash blah blah blah but at the
same time you're not adapting a rate
like that's kind of to your point where
like tsm's like alright we're not going
we're not going to flex gallium it we're
just gonna leave it top and we're just
going to pick syndra or something so I
think you can go coasting okay I started
on but the I think part of it also is
that it's actually pretty tricky to
draft on red side right now as well
so I think part of that is working into
it in Africa I have had
like well like relatively good blue side
drafts yeah compared to the red side
dress and so I think that that's an
issue and a lot of teams are doing much
better in the draft phase and in blue
side so if the first thing happens to be
beside don't do well and I think
unicorns if we're talking about teams
that historically suck at adapting you
know just in general I think I mean
unicorns and fnatic kind of have that
problem where they have like one style
right now and so I think that that's
that's something to is if you practice
like one thing over and over and you get
really good at that one thing and
someone has something that counters it
or they really prepared specifically for
your team and then you lose the second
game or something like this and then
it's like where do you go from there
because we only practice this one thing
so Marc yeah but I mean I think that
that's a really good point and kind of
stems from I don't know if I should say
it stems because it's different in Korea
but in North America when used to prep
for best of ones you could go into a
weekend with like two strategies and
like you do one your first game that
weekend you win and then the second one
it's basically like okay we're going to
play this again if they give it to us
and if not we'll do our second strategy
and that's like all you needed to be
prepared for a weekend and now with ten
dance system with like all these other
things it could be the kind of case
where people get like they're their
perfect strategy game one off and then
between game 2 and game 3 they're just
like oh crap what do we do and some
teams are just actually atrocious at
fixing their problem mid series which is
like I think it seemed like you know SKT
in that the best teams in the world can
can actually fix problems mid series not
just graph related if you look at the
echo fox series this weekend against
Dignitas they fucking have horrible
macro they never get mid priority when
they're baiting bear and they get leads
and they just mess it up completely game
one they lose the game game two they win
but it's the exact same problem in Game
two where they just don't they just go
to bear and without ever pushing mid
wave all the way in and that's an
example of a team where like why
didn't they adapted the coaching staff
not see that problem the players fail to
accept the coat like implement with the
coaching staff is saying it's hard to
say but some teams for whatever reason
just like even beyond pick/ban
strategies can't adapt to what they need
to do to like close out a game or
something so I guess how would you rate
a team like that uh so like for echo fox
I would I would say like they've always
sucked at that I've made a video about
it last split I talked about it a year
ago maybe even like a full year and a
half ago in their first split I think it
was their first split maybe their second
split spring 2016
they've just been a team that's always
just always had a horrible horrible
late-game macro and they've changed out
players they've changed our coaching
staff now who knows why and I would just
say that like that's a team that you can
see will probably never be a great they
haven't made playoffs before and if they
do make playoffs I would expect them to
just flame out cuz if they've shown at
least so far
maybe they improve over the course of
the split but like they're not a team
that seems to adapt well in a series
versus a team like TSM and that's why
you hear teams are like better and
playoffs veterans in series because
they've shown that they can change and I
would say that like if you've proven
that you can adapt your likelihood of
winning a full best-of-five is pretty
low if you're not strictly better than
the other team you just pretty much
chalked it up exclusively to coaching
stuff it's hard to say just because you
don't know what's going on so that the
one from echo fox this weekend it was
like such a massive problem but I would
have a hard time believing that the
coaching staff didn't identify it and
yeah but seeing as the coaching staff
can identify but it's a are they able to
fix it yeah right in that series they
probably they should meant they should
really really harp on it like that
should be your number one talking point
over and over you should hammer that and
be like guys draft doesn't matter
nothing nothing the early game great
early game but like until you start
rolling mid priority inside lanes
control like you're going to lose a lot
of games from ahead and like you need to
just hammer that into their head and
it's been a problem for so long that
part of me like and this is the first
split with an arrow that's the code
because they swapped out heaven time and
previously before that was cop I think
like way back so they they've had this
problem forever and at some point it is
coaching staff to improve the players
but maybe like whoever is the main focal
point on that team just like doesn't get
it will never get it and it's something
we'll always struggle with I don't know
yeah actually I mean he's had that I
he's had that problem won almost every
team that he's led so I do think good
strong oh no I was just going to say
like that
another Tesla a freakish coach is new to
coaching League of Legends
he's a former a Starcraft player I love
youth and he's done a lot of really
interesting interviews about his
approach to coaching the team which I
think are really interesting but then he
went down and like evaluated all his
players and he had a lot of really I
hate to use the word interesting again
but like he had a lot to say about their
individual personalities and how they
fit on a team is very obvious that he's
definitely paying attention to those
things like he he identified Maurin it's
like this super hungry player who just
has boundless ambition and like really
wants to succeed and then he has Kuro
who he's like Kuro just kind of wants
everyone to get along and be nice and be
nice and I want to like ignite some sort
of fighting spirit in Kuro because he
has the talent but doesn't always show
it and stuff like that so I think he has
gone in like evaluated his players
really well and what's frustrating is
that this has happened in multiple
series so it's something like I can't
imagine it's not something that he
hasn't gone over with them like
countless times at this point so anyway
I just want to go on a rant because it's
really frustrating to watch a team do so
well in one game and then feel like this
is just a great League of Legends
therapy please afreeca figure your stuff
out mmm all right so you cheerleaders
and SMG slash
JT force the mainstream issue ELC first
half year actually explain what the heck
is good yeah I don't the fuck you
talking about it okay so I assumed that
people would know that I think the tags
for Chinese teams apparently they don't
jingdong is the organization that bought
qg from last split so you probably
recognize qg jingdong is like amazon
okay and then you know doesn't like 5u
there are a lot of like amazon spy do is
more like google okay um anyway so
jingdong kind of like amazon you know
and then how about also kind of like
Amazon doesn't matter then there is
shooting which is a team that qualified
through LSP l and they also have a
really huge orc that they do a lot of
like online sales and stuff too so it'd
be like if eBay and Amazon both thought
League of Legends teams and then there
was a rivalry instead of having like a G
energy Schalke football rivalry yeah so
they had so what happened is that was
the first time these two teams played
against each other and the LPL and they
paid for like tickets for all of for a
bunch of their employees to come watch
the games and bring signs and even
though most of the employees like I
talked to them they had no idea what was
going on they were like super excited
and passionate or whatever and they're
just like yeah what's here and then
there were cheerleaders there and then
there they're really like hammering in
the cheerleader thing and LPL they're
like cheerleaders between every match
doing these choreographed dance maybe I
should go to China for my next job okay
guys this has it for the first time ever
you got me a table Chinese eSports
Kelsey well I mean the G pads like super
anyway so their question there is like
yeap on everything it's like we have a
Jeep sponsorship you have the coffee
cups with the Jeep logo or
murrs and things like that it's really
it's very commercialized my question is
this is it like does it feel sourced
when you have like all of this stuff
happening and like does it feel like
they're trying too hard to appeal to a
mainstream audience
I mean you tell us Kelsey like I think
we'll probably have our answers but like
you were there this weekend what was
your impression of all the stuff
happening do you think it was cool and
fun and was it well received by the fans
or as you walk in and you're like what
is this is like a weird trade show thing
like what's going on
I think the cheerleaders are weird a lot
of people have commented on how weird
the cheerleaders are it's like a liar
yeah I actually really want to see
haters I am it sounds perverted but I
really charactery I have actually heard
how they're utilizing them like yeah me
on enjoy longer they look like Lakers
girls or what initiative I can get I
think two on posted a video if I can
find it they post two on tweets a ton so
it's kind of hard yeah um I mean if you
do just a kind of tangent while she
looks you can do like kind of more
mainstream stuff in a cool way for you
lo we had a marching band because it's
supposed to be collegiate so we tried to
integrate like you know collegiate like
things with League of Legends and they
did like a silver escapes cover and blah
blah blah and it was cool I think and
was well-received for the most part and
obviously that's more just about
building hype and if you're trying to
like be like if Coke and Pepsi sponsor
teams in na and you're like the coke
versus Pepsi rivalry showdown like maybe
that sounds like a little sell outi but
it is still pretty funny to watch like
massive brands now fighting in League of
Legends so it kind of depends on how
they actually integrated some of this
stuff for me and that's why I am
interested in seeing a video about it
yeah oh okay like when you go ahead back
okay the only thing I was going to say
is um so like for example the USC
marching band that they did for
collegiate I think that's kind of to try
to bring in like traditional sports
viewership or like people from the
school right so make it feel like a
familiar environment and stuff like that
but in terms of and Kelsey can totally
correct me if I'm wrong
but in terms of like China and eSports I
feel like there's not the same amount of
disconnect and again like maybe I could
be like completely off-base in terms of
how general fan-like perceive eSports
but I feel like there's not that same
kind of like in North America I see all
the time people trying to use
traditional sports as a lens through
which to view how well eSports are doing
or what you sports are or trying to
explain it like even me with my parents
when I talk to them but what I was doing
like all I told my mom was like oh it's
like traditional sports except they're
playing video games and she's like okay
I got it like it's an easy shortcut um
but I don't know like how much that
applies in China specifically and the
only reason I'm bringing up the cultural
difference here is because my perception
of how the general public in China how
they react to like streaming and what
they know about like streaming platforms
and how prevalent they are I think it
might be a little different than say
what we would see in North America yeah
I mean the the thing about I think a lot
of them a lot of the fan response that
I've heard so far is it feels a lot like
they're trying to copy and be a very
which has a huge influence in it does
have a pretty big influence in China
right it's because there are a lot of
NBA fans and stuff like this
and I know they have come out and said
that they want like the LPL officials
have come out and said that they want
more mainstream affection uh here here's
one where can you keep it and that are
you in twitch chat chat mm-hmm not an I
on twitch chat but
can put it okjung because you're gonna
get sand zone and I'll try and post an
edge that will did it happen see I give
you mod so I think you should be fine
this is an e d GG I'm not a mod I see
you have a sword next to your name maybe
I need to refresh I don't have a sword
on my screen yeah this is good oh wow
okay so they're actually like integrated
into the show this is the EDG versus IG
they have the cheerleaders come on and
do Coria choreographed like routines
before each match okay and then they
kind of disappear and it's very on but
it's for me that's like the most
that's the weirdest kind of dysphoric
moment is it's just like okay now I have
a brief break so our three leaders are
coming out and then the matches actually
start and we also have like just amount
of branding and stuff like this there
are if you watch the Chinese broadcast
the the English broadcasters will happen
because I don't know maybe like I
probably write those things it's weird
but there's literally like a Jeep
driving at you between every scene
change probably no they're probably not
sponsored the English projects not
sponsored night so that's yeah that's
why they've all heard it I'm not English
perkele even if even if they were I
don't think they would include it this
much actually it's really intense like
it's just everywhere just everywhere um
and it's in the first week of the MVP
graphics they didn't even have the
champion played but I had Jeep in it to
make sure you know that Jeep is
happening and it's so to me it feels
like they're really really trying with
this it's like look we have a Jeep
sponsor and we've got all this stuff and
it's it's almost like they have a leg up
and they're trying to get even more
attention from the mainstream to make
eSports feel less weird to Chinese
people because I think again culturally
in China there is like we don't talk
about Internet addict
as much here is another thing because I
feel like people are just online and no
one cares
but in China it's like a big thing these
kids are addicted to the Internet if
your kid is addicted to Internet here
for better good measures to cure them
and their computers how take them out to
see sports as a form of diversion and
things like this and it's just like
really kind of a negative thing so I
think that's something they're trying to
force us it's like no look we have
cheerleaders and jeep sponsors us they
can't be bad and things like this so I
think it's a I don't know so really just
missing conversation whatever if this
happened in na like how would you guys
respond to it biggest question I have is
why is it that they're the two different
cheerleaders are dancing in a
choreographed thing together they are
from different teams yet it should be
fighting relations yes like a battle I
can't I'm not only do the dancer than
the other one consent to say it very
clearly they're they're both this is
collusion cheerleader collusion and
that's the bigger issue that I have here
okay and agree you know
to turn it to the NA question personally
for me as long as they integrate it like
let's say you know they do the whole
franchising thing and they want to like
up the production value somehow or
something with like stuff I wouldn't
hate it but it doesn't feel necessary
like during breaks that you know the LCS
right now they'll come out and they'll
throw swag keep people entertained that
is still something taken from
traditional sports as well like they
come out with the guy who's throwing
shit into the crowd so like I think
that's fine as it is
you need cheerleaders no I'm sure a
bunch of like preteen kids would love it
because the guys is what my daughter if
ik that's exciting to the preteen with a
beard no I mean I don't know it is like
it's okay what I will say is for some
reason on this broadcast it doesn't feel
weird because yeah they have your stage
setup but that if you told me if I had
to a picture this happening
in the NA LCS studio I'd be like this is
really lair it's almost a like you're
like here's the here's the stage and
here's like the front-row seats it's
like right there yeah so I set up for it
yeah it reminds me more so this like
when I first saw this on broadcast it
reminded me more of like a pop concert
like it almost like a kpop concert than
it did like traditional cheerleaders of
I see in like sports so I don't know if
that's where like I was just like oh
this is kind of entertaining and a
little bit odd if I saw it an in it
probably have the same reaction
maybe I don't I don't really know great
thank you mine I am very curious to see
what they do with the whole franchising
thing though like and obviously again we
still don't know what teens are going to
be coming in but like I am curious as to
what changes they are going to make to
the broadcast like how the broadcast is
even going to work if there's going to
be revenue sharing for example if
they're going to get a sponsor like a
big sponsor that they kind of put
everywhere because even in like say
Korea you've had big sponsors before
where you see them on broadcast like not
not if problem is the Jeep I will say
like the Jeep and LPL this split is like
next-level pervasive in terms of how
many times for Jeep logo appears on
broadcast but like I've seen I've seen
it on the Korean broadcast and it's
never been like super super obnoxious or
anything I think the most the weirdest
one was and obviously this doesn't
happen between like every game but like
when venue the company sponsored and I
don't know if anyone knows what happened
with sunny was kind of funny but them or
sad depending on how you look at it but
um many sponsored seasons of the first
seasons of lck and they had a fashion
show with spending shoes and athletic
gear before the final so thanks
it's pretty funny we're like everyone
into like this River Trisha and everyone
was like what is this like and everyone
was quoting the style starts bending so
like I guess it works because people
near they worry
yeah all right something go ahead well I
think if you have like one off really
over-the-top things it's just funny and
spawned memes yeah so if you have like a
one-off fashion show in na we're like
we're just sporting Nike shit and
everyone's like really like hammy and
kind of joking about it and not taking
themselves too seriously probably goes
over well I would like to see them do
more stuff with sponsors on na because
like right now they have like the ASA
replay or like a CR like big plays and
like that's cool and all but like we're
just like the ads between breaks yeah
like we have Pacific Rim once like four
years ago that shit was so hype we're
going on topic this is like a whole
other cars energy drink ads bullshit
we're talking about going mainstream
right no I know I know but I didn't like
now we're talking about the sponsorship
stuff like I like we should and possibly
on the next episode have a section
devoted to sponsorship because it's
something I think we've talked about our
people have talked about for so long but
I'm just worried about us going until I
can 15 minute rant about it I'm open to
being more mainstream they all right
yeah that's fine
the final question I will ask on this
topic is why didn't anybody tell me
it's except for my zero in the twist yet
that domestic cat fight all the
cheerleaders are on segways yeah it
wasn't like it was like part of their
show yeah like we're nothing that I'm
very fancy and a whole bunch of money
for and they are not like right who eats
works about it they had like a again
like a kpop style choreographed dance
with the five star Guardians they did
the the score you sports all over it it
yeah oh yeah that was always our problem
was that we didn't cover that stuff
alright anyway show is out of topic so
we're going to take some questions
probably try to end a little bit early
today because I'm starving and Luke my
roommate who used to work at Yahoo with
me is hungry so we're going to go mark
you should we're going to go shake shake
if you want
I'm pretty lazy alright that's fine you
don't you
I'll buy it for you though for doing the
show with us if you wanted up to a
twenty dollar that question changed yeah
I'm more intrigued now I do need to
shower I'm not showered and since my LCS
broadcast when I get really sweaty on
the analyst desk so well I'll answer a
couple questions and we'll wind down the
show then I'll hang out on the stream
for about five or ten minutes and
promote my Amazon wishlist cuz I'm
really hoping so many bikes me the
tracer body pillow and then is your
patron open you know it's well if you
have a private snapshot I can sign up
for like some picture so I lift fifty
dollars here you get CFO Lord sent to
you nice uh gin axle says Travis when
will us crunchyroll a sponsor Emily
Emily's Adam a pic of the week I'm just
waiting I'm just waiting for it to come
through I'm I'm VAE says which na LCS
team will Lou let's join this mark no
marks mouth works like he knew no I
don't know okay it's not one of the like
I know but I can't say anything which
which team goes thank you guys
so this is Kelsey no does Kelsey and
Emily no it's Kelsey like team I never
know it okay they're getting that makes
I guess I don't want to guess what guess
so see anything
barks a team liquid yeah why not TSM
Emily this is usually you are actually
like the most suspicious first it ever
like I feel like you definitely don't
that's why are people assuming it Gizem
because everyone thinks vents Karen is
terrible like it I'm not like I think
that I do think that's why yeah like I
do think that's why so like people are
asking why TSM I think it's because
earlier they announced that they're
picking up mr. Wallace
so people are even even if Lewis
wouldn't start I think people are
assuming that Reggie's right now
gathering all the slots for his
we team kind of like what we talked
about and then I think that like people
so when mr. Wallace assigns the reaction
was kind of like why are you signing a
sub ad C when Spence Karen has a look
highly questionable time start of the
split and sometimes at Emma side so I
think like I'm not saying that he's
going to kea them but I'm saying I think
that's why the general community
perceives that PSM would be his
destination I think the community is
illiterate because what happened was Sam
wanted to run to ad carry's doublelift
like I really like having a back-up ad
carry who can tell me extra thoughts and
things like that and we can go grow off
each other and then turtle was like I
want to be a starter any left and then
TSM when he was leaving said we're still
going to get an ad carry sub because
doublelift wants one and then mr. allas
joins and it's like what why are they
doing exactly what they said they were
going to do I'm confused like if you
read all T SMS press you didn't even
read all of them you read one TSM press
release you understand why mr. Ellis is
on that team and not necessarily a
jungle sub because spent hasn't come out
publicly and said I wish there's another
jungler on the team I could talk with
pathing about like this popping Gotham
yeah oh maybe that's why I slid a zuma
666 as Kelsey's predictions for top
three lck summer Wow um top three lck
summer I mean it's super easy to just go
SKT Samsung KT truck there we go I mean
yeah I'm just going to go with that I'm
still like really reserved about long
too just because I feel like they have
some issues converting like lane
assignments when they do to group I'm
not convinced on consoling King and
things like this side yeah I don't know
I would think it's like I have more
faith in Samsung kzns KT so it kind of
comes through at the end okay do you
think dyrdek has been the catalyst for
CLG or is it just that darshan
whoo-hee are playing amazing I would say
it's a little bit of both sometimes when
you have the exact same team you just
kind of like stuck like your the way you
interact with each other is all the same
the way that like you think about the
game is all the same and you know Doc
might not come in and be like why
darshan is the best top laner in the LCS
right now you know I would not put that
on Doc I think just like having a change
of environment can like kind of
revitalize people a little bit and
that's more what I think it is
apparently also this is going to sound
like really weird but CLG what and like
scrims don't mean everything so you know
hang out here but apparently last split
seal she was just like shitting on
everybody in scrims
and what ended up happening was like
they just tilted really really hard in
the fly quest series like super super
hard due to a couple of small things and
they probably should have gone a lot
further in last playoffs and didn't and
now they're kind of showing that form
with Doc being able to do everything
smithy was doing for them but probably
like a little bit better alright maybe
one more question
looking down
all right categorical says do you think
TSM playing Gallio maid is a way for
them to learn to play without mid
priority tinfoil hat wait what does gali
Omid nakiye tenesmus priority yeah
that's the whole point of it is it does
that and then it roams with the jungler
and like dives and shit all right well
one more oh we lost Kelsey Kelsey was so
bad about that question and is like get
me out of Kelsey all right we're back
it's all good all right you broke the
overlay all right uh a little sketches
okay we're good wait um when we Adam
yeah you get another question cuz that's
like what that I guess MIT just finished
it gets mid priority but you can't stop
laying with it too like you can get mid
priority with syndra but you can also
just fucking murder the other mid laner
because you're better with syndra and
you can't do that with Gallio so that's
why people say gallio's that pic not
because it doesn't get new priority and
allow Buick to roam but because he can't
just like destroy another mid laner with
it
bag mouse says how do you feel about p1
representing na and rift rivals no I
hate that question oh you want her and
the stapler and supposed to what they
were your last words oh yeah so I I
think nad think it smashed probably c9
doesn't look good t1 doesn't look good
TSM I think is fine but I think if na
teens bothered to watch the rock at
somatic series but they might have the
chance because uh pretty clear the matic
have some issues so we'll see and also
unicorns always have some issues just
literally do not fight them that mid
tier one it's not difficult you're
someone that's such a weird thing to
have to play around like hey don't just
group us five mid right away
yeah Parramatta where there's so much
one through wanting like yeah but anyway
maybe not a horrible batch of the
necklace and they make those donations
horrible the and then I don't know what
you two are doing I don't think they
understand the matter very well so we'll
see I think you two are figuring things
out I still would say that you should
take it but I still think fnatic could
probably be p1 and c9 but I mean and
maybe TSM and the state they are just
because fnatic play like super
decisively and the thing that they're
good at and unless you're prepared for
it it's a bit difficult so probably like
towards the end of the tournament any
teams will start to do well against them
but yeah I mean I think it's it'll be an
interesting thing to see we'll see
alright let's go around the table and
say goodbye I'll hang out for five
minutes after the show and answer any
personal questions and I can stuff but
first let's go with Kelsey how's going
on Kelsey what's got what's up I know
it's a weird time to ask this question
but what's what you got going for you
right now it's what are the plan I'm in
a pretty good spot I mean I have a lot
of options I think um at the very least
I will be doing some probably some
freelance work for July I'm doing
something evil cos interviews and stuff
like that so that'll be fun I will start
putting stuff up on my YouTube channel
probably tomorrow and I'll tweet about
that so you could just follow me on
Twitter at kron4
no stuff we're losing her
all right all right Elsie Emily um so
yeah this week it's kind of a weird
limbo week we're going to be kind of
looking at things I've so I started
there are a couple things I started
while a yahoo eSports and I got a chance
to finish like this thing I've been
working on comparing really looking at
the exceed our docks swap look at like
looking at their passing from flash
floods
so this split and how the teams are
doing and I've interviewed both of them
and so I should finally come out
sometime this week maybe it's been a
medium post and then I'll be just
looking at probably freelancing offers
and stuff like that so be good mark uh
what's going on with you not too much
I'm still doing this show obviously I
still doing the blame game coming up
this week hopefully more on time than it
has been recently and then I started
doing something with the free time and
getting on Mondays and Tuesdays now
you'll probably see that I'm like a week
or two so follow my Twitter period it's
not that mysterious in content it is
content but it's not like directly
League of Legends related konso or the
other stuff oh we haven't you we were
supposed to that's not directly legal is
content yes it is that but with other
people we're schooling you Wow
no I'm kidding it's not the head at all
okay it's with like it's like with the
SCARA house people dude I'm there like
two days a week whatever all right it is
some shit post with Zelda as I do
percent correct all right thanks so much
to the Twitter I think we actually got
pretty much the same viewership we
normally get which is kind of excited
thank you so much is yeah you can uh
I'll be putting a spot up on the state
of the league YouTube channel as well as
there's already a couple interviews from
this LCS weekend okay so please go it's
up to the YouTube channel oddly there's
a big I have a like four or five minute
video there talking about what my plans
are in the immediate future and awfully
awfully makes a cameo appearance and
that as well because she's going to be
posting some content to my youtube
channel as well so if you like what she
does you can delegate our own
Wow well there are no key she's better
than Travis since she shouldn't be
giving her context you later
there are reasons for her to do it
anyway I'll talk about it later and Mark
you should go to shake shake all right
that's the show thanks everyone for
watching hope you have alright recording
again
Emily Emily Rams write your anime Pick
of the Week um this is going to be
something that's going on so the second
season is airing now and I don't think
you should start with that one because
you probably won't know what's going on
so start with season one um I don't
think I've recommended this on the show
yet but it's called the eccentric family
or chosen kazoku and it's a look at
family in Kyoto and they happen to be
these like mystical creatures I don't
know it's really fun and kind of weird
and I guess I interned with your
recommendations I know I'm also bad at
like categorizing what it is it drives
like what is it about it looks like it's
day-to-day weird wacky hijinx of the
family night accompli
kind of I guess oh yeah I'm the life
right it is a bit yeah it's like I don't
know it's like a drama comedy kind of
thing that's really fun and the they do
a good job a great job with
characterization and also just looks
beautiful so I like respond to Kyoto say
like oh it looks exactly like Kyoto and
they kind of bring the city into it as
characters awesome I love what happens
in a twist chat when we start talking
about anime like all the little anime
emojis come out and somebody in all caps
dog barking is his bark the weebs away
it's really good just catalyzed a high
in the yelp mark mark tried to do the
Ohio with him he invested it's a live
demo spend much time in twitch ad - that
won't open okay
and that was the bonus round Thanks